Update documentation on CSP (#4248)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/upgrade-to-ajs2.md

- `https://cdn.segment.com/analytics-next/bundles/*`
- `https://cdn.segment.com/next-integrations/integrations/*`

> Your CSP may also require whitelisting approved domains, in which case you'll want to allow the following endpoints: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your CSP may also require you to allowlist approved domains, in which case you'll want to allow the following endpoints: 
```

Just a heads up: in the docs, we use **allowlist** instead of **whitelist**.
